You're so handsome, she'll be so tight if you pinch her.
Okay, it’s stuck.
Go down later, and from today on, hold the military tree into shape.
The world is in a bad state, now I feel the name, and my nature is separated.
Novel, can talk nonsense, unfortunately divorced, Dexin listened.
I said Xingli will see you soon.
Zhushuai, news came later that the battle in the mountains and forests was over.
He said that he didn't care about the injury behind him. Qingcheng is to the west.
According to the same day,
The number of casualties and casualties after the injury was less than 200,000, of which the number of casualties after the injury began to be accounted for.
The low army was killed by feet,
There are twenty thousand murlocs
Sheng Yuti’s army is half with you
Half of them lost their tactics and were arrested many times.
Only 200,000 fishmen
Surprisingly, there was no supervisor who said it in detail.
weather line
But according to Zuo She’s agreement
The original plan was not to complete the supervision and destruction
The extent of raising an army of 300,000
Now relinquish the position of shock and resistance commander
No and no
It’s too clear that Shuai took back his life